Add feature to traverse a bvh passing a context from parent to children (#191)
dimforge/parry: CHANGELOG.md

> ## v0.13.7
> 
> ### Unreleased
> 
> - Added new visitor logic to QBVH to allow parent nodes to pass a context to their children.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unreleased

- Added `Qbvh::traverse_depth_first_with_context`,  `Qbvh::traverse_depth_first_node_with_stack_and_context`, and the related `SimdVisitorWithContext` trait to allow parent nodes to pass a custom context to its children during recursion.

## v0.13.7
```
